java c
Simulation of Engineering Systems 3 
Assignment: Position Control System for a Robotic Arm 
Part 1: Modelling, Simulation  Validation
Aim Part   1 of   this Simulation of   Engineering Systems 3 Assignment involves the modelling, simulation and   validation   of   a   Position   Control   System   for   a   Robotic   Arm.   This   part   of the   assignment   involves   developing   a   mathematical   model   of the   dynamics   of   a   simple   robotic   arm   and   its   position   control   system.   This   model   will   be   implemented   in   Matlab   code   and   as   a   Simulink   block   diagram.   The   responses from the Simulink block diagram will be used to analyse and validate the Matlab model and   its associated simulation. This document   provides   background information about this system, followed   by   the problem   specification   for   the mathematical   model   of the   system   and   its   simulation.   Also,   the   Assignment   Specifications are provided as a step by step guide   for   this part   of   the   assignment.
Introduction Robotic   Arms   or Manipulators are   used   extensively   in   a   number   of industries   e.g.   manufacturing,   testing, maintenance, exploration.    These robot arms are electro-mechanical   systems   that replicate the   articulated   motion   of   human   arms. In   certain   cases   this   technology   is   used   in   prosthesis   development for limb replacement.    This assignment involves the development of   a simulation of   a position control   system for a robotic arm as   outlined in   this   document.
Background The development of   robotic arms started in the manufacturing industries where the repetitive   processes   involved in production of goods       (e.g.       cars)   required increased precision and articulation.   Unfortunately these increases could not be achieved through human workers and programmable robot arms or manipulators were created (see Figure   1).Figure   1: Industrial Robot Manipulator
The   type   of   arm   shown   in   Figure    1   replicates   the   anatomy   of human    arms   with   increased   power   provided   by   the   actuation   systems   that   drive   each   joint. Other   types   of   robot   manipulator   have   been refined from these industrial manipulators in order to serve other   industries   and performance   needs. One such application of   this technology has been in the   development of   articulated prostheses for limb   replacement.   In particular they have been used to develop actuated prosthetic arms as shown in Figure   2.    This application is the focus   of   this   assignment.

Figure 2: Prosthetic ArmThe motion of   this 2 link arm is   predominantly through the actuated elbow   joint.   This is usually driven   by a d.c. motor controlled to give the correct position for the hand.    The hand provides fine, dexterous   motions for performing tasks, which is not considered in this assignment.    The motion   of   the   elbow   is   outlined in Figure 3 below.Figure 3: Prosthetic Arm Elbow Motion   Schematic Diagram
The actuator (i.e. motor) is connected   to   the   upper   arm.      For   most   of   the   assignment   the   upper   arm   is   assumed to remain stationary at a   specified angle.      The   actuator   rotates   the   forearm   by   means   of   a   set of   gears.   This   controlled   rotating   motion   described   in   Figure   3   is   the   focus   of this   assignment   as   outlined in the Problem Specification below.
Problem Specification The   motion   of the   arm   is   regulated   by   an   automatic   control   system   that   determines   the   necessary   rotational   deflection   of the   forearm.       In    order   to   achieve   this,   the   arm   must   be   equipped   with   the   necessary   systems   to   ensure   its   automatic   movement   within   it   operating   environment.      The   general   principle of   automated actuator systems is to feed information from   joint rotation   sensors to   the   arm’s   control system.In   this   study   we   will   consider   the   development   of   a   simulation   that   represents   the   Elbow   Control   System   only.   This   system   changes   the   voltage   applied to   the   elbow   actuator   to produce the required   rotational motion and thus change the deflection angle of   the forearm.    For most of   the assignment the   Upper Arm is kept at a constant angle of   deflection θU (set   at   a value   of   3。initially).
The geometry of   this rotational motion is shown in   Figure   4.

Figure   4: Geometry   of   rotating   motionThe   elbow   control   system produces the required   actuator rotation to move   the   forearm   to   a   reference   angle.   It   achieves   this   by   comparing   the   actuator   deflection   angle, θM (radians),   with   the   reference   angle, θFref (radians).    This provides indirect control of   the Forearm’s deflection angle, θF (radians). A   diagram of   the total system is   shown   in Figure   5.From   Figure   5   it   can   be   seen   that   the   Elbow   Control   System   uses   the   error   difference   between   the   reference   deflection   angle   and   the   actuator’s   deflection   angle. In   this   case   the   value   for θFref (the   reference angle) is taken to be 55°   . The reference deflection passes through the Reference Amp which   is   represented   by   a   simple   gain KR.   Also,   the   motor   deflection   is   measured   by代 写Position Control System for a Robotic Arm Part 1: Modelling, Simulation & ValidationMatlab
代做程序编程语言   the   Actuator   Sensor,   which   is   represented   by   a   simple   gainKS. Figure 5: Elbow   Control   System
The   control   system   itself   is   a   proportional   controller   of   the   following   form.VE = Gc Δθ                                                                                                                                                               (1)Here Gc of   the controller and Δθis a function related to the difference between the reference angle and   the   actuator   deflection   angle.   The   resulting   commanded   voltage VE (volts)   then   passes   through   the   Gear Compensator,which is simply again, KG. The compensated voltage, VA (volts), is used to control   the   elbow   actuator   to   drive   the   gears   and   thus   indirectly   generate   an   appropriate   forearm   deflection   (θF).      It   achieves   this   by   means   of a   proportional   gain GC    and   an   integral   term   with   gain KI (this   is   assumed   to   be   zero   in   the   initial   stages   of   the   assignment).   These   gains   determine   the   performance   of the control system. This is an   overview   of   the   entire   system.A   key   part   of the   overall   Elbow   Control   System   is   the   arm   and   its   interaction   with   the   actuator   and   gears.    In Figure   5 this part   of   the   system   is   regarded   as   the   conversion process   between   the   actuator   voltage, VA, and the forearm deflection, θF.    This process is more involved than this simplified   system   diagram would lead you to believe.The actuator voltage is used to drive the actuator i.e. a d.c. motor) to deflection θM (radians) by means   of its   generated   torque TM (Nm).   The   drive    shaft   of the   actuator   is   connected   to   Gear    1   (radius r1 meters),   which   acts   as   a   load   on   the   motor.   As   Gear   1   rotates   it   transfers   torque TF (Nm)   to   Gear   2   (radius r2 meters), which in turn rotates the forearm to the desired deflection angle.    The gear ratio GR is calculated in the following manner:
This ratio can be used to calculate the torque relationship between the gears i.e.TF = GR × TM = GR × KFθG1                                                                                               (3)
Here θG1 is the angular deflection of   Gear   1   (radians)   and KF is a   torque   gain.      A   detailed   description   of   this system and how it interacts with the robot arm   can be   seen   in   Figure   6.

Figure 6: Actuator,   Gears   and Arm
As   mentioned   previously,   the   actuator   in   this   case   is   a   d.c.   motor   and   its   electro-mechanics   can   be   represented by the following relationships:
Here i is the motor current (A), Δ①is the difference in speed between the motor and Gear   1 (rad/s),JM is the moment of   inertia for the motor armature (kgm2), L isthe inductance (H),R is the resistance (Ω), BS is   the   damping   coefficient, KT is   the   torque   constant   and KE is   the   back   emf   constant.
Treating the first gear as a load   on the   motor’s   shaft   allows   its   own   dynamics   to   be   defined.      This   can   be represented by the following equation.

Here θG1 is the deflection of   the gear (radians) and JG1 is the moment of   inertia for the gear   (kgm2).Since the second gear is attached to the forearm they both have the same dynamics (i.e. θF = θG2). The   transfer of   torque from Gear   1 to   Gear 2 provides   the   following   dynamic   relationship   for   the   forearm   i.e.Here JF is   the   total   moment   inertia   of   the   forearm   and   hand   (kgm2), BSF is   the   viscous   damping   coefficient   for   the   forearm, mF the   masses   of   the   forearm   and   hand   (kg), lF is   of   the   length   of   the forearm (m) and g is the acceleration due to gravity (m/s2). These equations represent the dynamics of   the prosthetic robot arm and its related systems.
Assignment The combination of   all these elements produces a mathematical   model   for   the   Elbow   Control   System   for the Robot Arm.    Using this description as   a basis,   follow   the   steps   outlined below   to   complete   the   first   part   of   your   assignment   for   this   course:
Mathematical Modelling  Continuous Time Simulation 
1.       Use the description given above to derive the   state   space model   for the Robot   Arm   System.
2.       Use this model   and the parameter   values   given   in   the   Appendix   A   to   produce   an   equation   or   script. based simulation of   the Robot Arm   System in Matlab.
3.       Employ   a   suitable initial   conditions   and numerical integration   solver with   a   suitable   step-size   in the   simulation of   your system. Justify your choice   of   the   initial   conditions,   solver   and   step-   size. Do not use the in-built Matlab integration functions.
4.       Analyse   the   dynamic response   of the   system.   Do you think this   a   good   design   for   the   Elbow   Control   System? Explain your answer.
Block Diagram  Validation 
5.       Using basic, commonly used blocks in   Simulink,   construct   a block   diagram   simulation   of   the   Robot Arm   System.
6.       Use the   responses from this   block diagram simulation to validate your Matlab model from steps (1)  (2) and   simulation responses   from   step   (3).







         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
